= devnull

DevNull behaves a null file, and works like an IO object. For example:

 dn = DevNull.new
 dn.puts "foo" # => nil (do nothing)
 dn.gets # => nil
 dn.read # => ""

The library may be a good solution if you would like to switch whether an input/output file is needed. For example:

 def some_process(arg, logfile = nil)
   # You may set an IO object as 'logfile', and logs are written to the file.
   
   result = process1(arg)
   logfile.puts result if logfile
   
   result = process2(arg)
   logfile.puts result if logfile
   
   result = process3(arg)
   logfile.puts result if logfile
 end

can be rewritten as follows:

 def some_process(arg, logfile = DevNull.new)
   logfile.puts process1(arg)
   logfile.puts process2(arg)
   logfile.puts process3(arg)
 end

== Contributing to devnull
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 maraigue. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

